this right be the only ones aren't here
with that Thanks oh my dad Rossi's know
that never would have got from 10 now
I'm really depressed asrani Weasley
helps pal Harry Potter navigate Hogwarts
becoming less boy Rupert Grint handle a
real scary place manhattan new york
native ben lyons gave the kid from
across pond a true taste of a big
asshole
so we're here in New York for your movie
which is driving lesson yeah I thought
I'll be cool give you some new york
lessons I know you don't come here often
so we need some pizza is how we doing
here you take a break i know i know this
cheese on it already take it down the
middle just roll it across now you can
eat it the walk I gotta let you borrow
money there's new york time is money in
New York so you ask you more yeah I'm
gonna walk around to edit j walk that
walk walk
don't stop have you heard of any
American baseball players room right
Viper babe babe ruth here delayed for
about 60 years where do you see yourself
in 10 years you want to continue to ask
you wanted to rec want to produce I
doubt I'm happy doing what I'm doing now
is so sweet it really good love and
doing driving lessons maybe think about
doing other stuff outside
easley KOC Cassidian for the next tab
that car here is mine back off she just
got here hey there you go see you never
turn you gotta come on there
hey not me that's all it takes oh well
congratulations so much on the movie
driving lessons and all your success
with the Harry Potter movies and I'm
glad you learned a thing or two about
any art so next time you come back
you'll feel like it's all right now
let's see him handle the subway right by
the way Ben when you take me to my seat
I want to go to Barney ok